GameStop has a deal for you! Oh wait...I read
that wrong. GameStop has a scam for you!
I’m Figcoinc, and this is DB News!
GameStop has recently announced plans to have
their very own in-store credit card! This
credit card will be rolled out to all GameStop
stores in the next couple months. So what
does this credit card give you?
Once you sign you are eligible for PowerUp
Rewards!, PowerUp Basic members get 5,000
PowerUp Points, and Pro members get 15,000
PowerUp Points! Basically enough to obtain
a Plastic Star Wars Stein, and a neat Boba
Fett necklace! You’re pre-approved for the
credit card if you’re a member of the PowerUp
Rewards Plan!
What’s the catch? An interest rate of 26.99%
APR! By the way, that’s twice the current
fixed rate for credit cards of 13% and nearly
twice the variable rate of 15%. So far, the
marketing materials want you to “Pay over
time!” like many other in-store specific
credit cards. So you can sign up for a really
low interest rate, but if you do not pay after
a certain amount of time - BAM - you get his
with a 27% interest rate! Nice huh?
To be fair to GameStop, this is no different
than the Best Buy card or even the Pay Later
deals that PayPal gives you. Yet, in my opinion
it is all a rip-off. Why does GameStop even
have a credit card anyway. I feel this is
aimed at the young, and dumb. Gamers who come
in, haven’t learned much about the the terrible
things bad credit can do to you, and sign
up thinking they are getting a deal. Shame
on you GameStop. I encourage anyone who gets
offered this deal to decline. Be nice to the
associates, they are only doing their job,
but do not buy into this. Let GameStop know
via your wallet that you will not stand for
this nonsense.
Let me hear your thoughts on the subject!
That’s it
for today! I would love it if you like, comment,
and subscribe! As always, thank you for being
awesome!